###TASK1###
Creating a Vertex Notebooks Instance:
Please adjust the parameters as specified in the quest and execute the following command in the Google Cloud Shell:

gcloud notebooks instances create example-instance --vm-image-project=deeplearning-platform-release --vm-image-name=tf-2-11-cu113-notebooks-v20230615-debian-11-py310 --machine-type=e2-standard-4 --location=us-central1-c

###TASK-2 to 6 ###
Accessing the Challenge Notebook:
Once the virtual machine (VM) is ready, click on "JupyterLab." Under the "Other" tab, select "Terminal" to proceed.

Downloading the Challenge Notebook:
Follow the instructions to download the challenge notebook provided in the quest.[git commands and pip]

Preparing the Challenge Notebook:
Navigate to the enclosing folder named "vertex-challenge-lab." Delete the file named "vertex-challenge-lab.ipynb" and then upload the attached file.

Uploading the Challenge Notebook:
To upload the vertex-challenge-lab.ipynb file, you'll find an upload icon in JupyterLab, located near the refresh icon.

Updating Configuration:
Edit the Challenge Notebook to include your specific project details. Modify the values of PROJECT_ID, REGION, and GCS_BUCKET as necessary. The GCS_BUCKET should be in the format "projectid-vertex-challenge-lab."

Executing the Challenge:
Select all the cells in the notebook (use Control + A) and run them by selecting "Run Cells" from the Run menu. You will be able to monitor the progress on the right side of the window. Keep an eye on the circular indicator after "python3." Wait until all 50 tasks are completed.

Sustaining System Activity:
Please ensure that your system remains on during the task execution.

Completing the Challenge:
Once you have completed the tasks, click on "My Progress" to indicate your completion status.